Knowing that Jehovah
is personally involved
in preserving
and making known his Word,
we can be confident
that the Bible
is the only true means
of drawing close to him.
As a child,
David Sibrey, from England,
had not read the Bible.
Instead, he had been taught
traditions of men.
What helped him see the truth?
I was born in 1930.
We lived in Littlehampton,
which was a seaside town,
a very pleasant little place,
quiet place.
I would like to walk
in the countryside.
Nature intrigued me.
My interest was in what I saw
rather than what I read.
Well, in 1939,
war broke out, and our road
became the second line of defense.
And then, of course,
you get the aircraft.
Well, there was a young boy
(younger than myself),
and one Sunday morning
an air raid took place,
and the house
where he was living
was destroyed,
and he was killed.
But I remember
saying to my mother,
“Why did he have to die?”
And her answer was:
“Well, he’s in a better place.
He’s with God in heaven,”
which didn’t quite
add up to me.
I couldn’t understand
how God
could be responsible
for his death,
which meant
He was responsible for war.
So it was—
The whole thing was depressing;
perhaps put it that way.
As far as religion was concerned,
I accepted it was there,
but I couldn’t understand
how it fit in with what was going on.
There was a gap somewhere,
and I couldn’t, I couldn’t, plug it.
Every time you went to church,
you had a hymnbook
and a prayer book,
but a Bible was something
you had personally.
And the only time
I ever opened it
was when I began to study
with Jehovah’s Witnesses.
I was 17 or 18 years of age
when I started.
A brother named Joe Gladwin
called upon me.
I knew nothing about the Bible.
The fact that he said it,
fair enough.
He said it was in the Bible, OK.
But what do other people say?
I decided to look for myself.
I realized that what Joe
was telling me was right.
He showed me
that the Bible was true.
I began to see that the Bible
told me things
that I had never known.
Over the years,
I’ve been privileged
to collect so many
different translations of the Bible.
Reading through the different translations,
it’s clear that God’s Word never changes.
I got baptized
at the age of 20 in 1950.
Over the years,
I’ve served first of all as a pioneer.
From then I came to Bethel.
Moving from Bethel
to the circuit and district work,
and then finally,
coming back to Bethel for the Writing Desk.
The assignments I’ve had
have strengthened my conviction
not only that Jehovah
is giving direction and his spirit
can enable us to do
whatever he wants us to do
but that the organization has grown and,
with the development
of the Governing Body’s direction,
is an organization
which is second to none.
And, therefore,
staying with it is the logical thing to do.
In my life,
I looked in many places
for answers
to life’s questions,
but only the Bible
has provided answers.
I am so thankful
that Jehovah continues to teach us.